Mr. Qian, you are not mistaken, are you?
The acquisition of Xingyue Media
At least 1 billion is needed.
He is a jobless vagrant.
How could this happen?
This lady
The account provided by Mr. Lin does have sufficient funds.
There is no doubt about this
Oh, this lady
We have an acquisition meeting later.
If you want an interview, please come back another day.
Mr. Lin, this is
Please me
Mr. Lin, I'll get straight to the point.
Who acquired Xingyue Group today?
Except you
And Liu Tianhu from the Liu family
The Liu family is nothing to fear
Mr. Lin, I'm afraid you don't know the Liu family yet.
Deeply rooted in the province
Just you alone
I'm afraid it's hard to shake
I can defeat thousands of troops alone
Today, don't say he is a Liu family
Even if there are ten Liu families
It can't stop me from acquiring Xingyue Media
Since Mr. Lin is so confident
I wish Mr. Lin immediate success.
I thought someone was pretending
It turns out it's you, a country bumpkin upstart